
Pebblebee’s new item trackers works with both Apple and Google 'Find My' networks
Apple’s Find My network and Google’s Find My Device are both smart tracking solutions to help us prevent losing our items, but devices made for one aren’t typically compatible with the other. However, Pebblebee is changing this by introducing its Pebblebee Un…

How to mirror your iPhone on macOS Sequoia
With macOS Sequoia and iOS 18, Apple has a handy new way to hop between devices while on desktop. iPhone Mirroring shows your phone’s screen on your computer; you can even use your mouse and keyboard to interact with it. Here’s how to set up and get the most …

Epic is suing Google and Samsung for making it too hard to download Fortnite
Some users may know that Epic Games, the developer of Fortnite, has had its own app store for a while now, the Epic Games Store
. The company also won an antitrust lawsuit
 against Google last December that found Google held an illegal monopoly on app distr…

OpenAI rakes in over $6 billion in new funding
Now that OpenAI is becoming a for-profit company, it’s making a tidy profit in the process. The Wall Street Journal
 reported that OpenAI has raised $6.6 billion in new funding from investors, nearly doubling its value to $157 billion. The new funding also m…

reMarkable Paper Pro review: Writing in color is nice, but it'll cost you
It’s wild to think the reMarkable 2 debuted in March 2020, a time now more famous for other reasons. A lot has changed in the four-plus years since, and now it’s time for its successor, the reMarkable Paper Pro. The third-generation, distraction-free writing …

Vizio 4K TV (2024) Review: A Simple TV for Cheap
This no-frills screen is perfect for dorm rooms, bedrooms, or vacation homes.

23 Best Early Prime Day Deals on Products We’ve Tested (2024)
Amazon’s Prime Big Deal Days sale runs on October 8 and 9, but we’ve already spotted the best Prime Day deals on products we’ve tested and loved.

An ‘iPhone of AI’ Makes No Sense. What Is Jony Ive Really Building?
LoveFrom is working with OpenAI to build AI devices that are less “socially disruptive” than the iPhone. Is Ive looking for absolution or a new computing soul?

The next iPhone SE may lose the home button, add Face ID and Apple Intelligence
Apple is rumored to be readying the next iPhone SE, complete with Face ID and Apple Intelligence, for manufacturing ahead of a release early next year.

Epic is suing Google — again — and now Samsung too
Fortnite maker Epic Games has now filed a second antitrust lawsuit against Google, and now additionally Samsung, accusing them of illegally conspiring to undermine third-party app stores.

Microsoft wants to know why some game developers aren’t on Xbox
Microsoft is looking for Xbox feedback from game developers. The Xbox Research team wants to know about all the pain points in bringing games to Xbox.

What’s on your desk, David Pierce?
The Verge’s editor-at-large, podcaster, and enthusiastic app tester talks about his basement workspace.

Microsoft starts rolling out its Windows 11 2024 update with lots of useful improvements
Microsoft’s latest Windows 11 2024 update is now rolling out. It includes improvements to the Start menu, File Explorer, system tray, and Settings.

Microsoft is using AI to improve Windows search
Microsoft is improving its Windows search across File Explorer and Settings thanks to AI. A new Click to Do feature is also coming to Copilot Plus PCs.

Microsoft gives Copilot a voice and vision in its biggest redesign yet
Microsoft is overhauling its Copilot AI assistant with a new design and features. Copilot is getting voice and vision features that offer more personalized feeds.

NBCU’s streaming chief isn’t worried about you canceling cable
The head of direct-to-consumer video at NBCUniversal says the cable business is good and streaming is great.

Amazon Strikes for Prime Day with a Mind-Blowing iPad 9 Offer, 4x Cheaper Than the iPad Pro
Apple never discounts its products.

Billy Crystal (Yes, Really) Gets Spooked in Before,/i>’s First Trailer
Apple TV+'s new supernatural thriller series co-stars Judith Light and Rosie Perez, and arrives October 25.

Amazon is clearing out stock with record-low prices on Apple AirTags, matching last year’s Black Friday deal
Dive into these exclusive deals on Apple AirTags and transform the way you keep track of what matters most.

Early Prime Day Deal: The Apple MacBook Air M2 Is Already 20% off
Save 20% on the 2022 Apple MacBook Air in the lead-up to this October's Prime Day event.

Forget Black Friday: Apple’s M2 MacBook Air Now Priced Lower Than iPhone 16 on Amazon
Amazon is challenging Apple with a jaw-dropping deal on the M2 MacBook Air, now available for just $799 after an exclusive coupon.

The Next iPhone Could Arrive Early Next Year to Showcase Apple Intelligence on a Budget
Plus, the latest reports suggest Apple’s working on a new iPad Mini that, if we had to guess, will showcase more Apple Intelligence.

Labor Board Accuses Apple of Implementing Illegal Policies for All Employees Nationwide
The latest complaint from the National Labor Relations Board adds to a list of charges brought against the tech giant for anti-union activity at specific stores.

Apple TV+ Is Bringing Back Sugar—Also, Why Is io9 Suddenly Talking About Sugar?
Colin Farrell's private investigator character revealed a big secret midway through the neo-noir series' first season.

Amazon Unveils Major Price Cuts on The Latest MacBook Pro: Apple Hates Discounts but Can’t Do Anything About It
Luxury tech more accessible than ever.

Amazon slashes prices on Apple’s Beats headphones with a 40% discount ahead of Prime Day
Looking to upgrade to a premium headset that won’t break the bank?

Never Lose Your Wallet Again With KeySmart SmartCard — Three for Under $100
Save 24% on a smart card you can keep in your wallet to never lose track of it again.

Grab the AirPods Pro 2 for the Same Price as AirPods 4—Amazon’s Stock Won’t Last Long
With Amazon offering the AirPods Pro 2 at the same price as the AirPods 4, now is the perfect time to snag these earbuds before they fly off the shelves.

Ahead of Prime Day, Amazon Unleashes Record Low Price on 32″ Smart TV with Built-in Alexa
Experience one of the lowest prices ever for a 32-inch Smart TV.

The Best Gadgets of September 2024
The iPhone 16 didn't disappoint and IFA 2024 gave us a great glimpse of some gadgets we will be obsessed with in 2025.

Gemini Extensions Will Help Google’s AI Take Over Your Android Phone
Gemini Extensions will be able to work across your phone’s Google apps, letting it access information in your Gmail and add it to Calendar.

Epic Sues Samsung Over OneUI’s ‘Auto Blocker’ Setting
Epic alleged Google and Samsung were colluding to limit how users could download Epic Games Store on OneUI 6.1.1 due to the 'Auto Blocker' setting.

Sony’s Newest Wireless Earbuds Might Achieve the Snug Fit That the AirPods Couldn’t
I'm looking forward to seeing how well the new "air fitting supporters" and ear tips work together.

iPad-like Echo Show 8 slashed by 43% on Amazon ahead of Prime Day
The iPad-like Echo Show 8 is now available at a 43% discount on Amazon ahead of Prime Day.

Keep Your Eyes on the Road and Hands on the Wheel With the Amazon Echo Auto for Over Half Off
Amazon has a range of smart home hubs in different sizes, but did you know they have on designed for the open road? And it's only $25.

Grab This EcoFlow Power Station for 51% off and Power Up to 15 Devices at Once
Power up your fall with the Portable Power Station Delta 2 — down to just $489 at Amazon for early prime day!

Amazon is clearing its stock: Seize the best-selling AirPods Pro 2 at a massive discount before they vanish
Experience audio bliss with the latest AirPods Pro 2.

Republicans Yassify JD Vance and Still Wonder Why People Call Them Weird
A sitting congressman from Georgia posted the strange photo without explanation.

Amazon Kicks Off Pre-Prime Day with LG OLED TVs at Prices So Low They Can’t Be Shown Publicly (40% Off)
Amazon is lighting up the pre-Prime Day scene with stunning deals on LG OLED TVs.

Fitness Freaks: You Can Save Up to $75 When You Pre-order the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE
Pre-orders for the new AI-powered Samsung smartwatch are now open.

Sycamore Gap sapling gifted in memory of boy with cancer
The National Trust is encouraging people to apply for 'Tree of Hope' descendants of the famous sycamore.

Report: Apple changes film strategy, will rarely do wide theatrical releases
Apple TV+ has made more waves with TV shows than movies so far.

Pink is the new black, and Motorola is doing it in the most iconic way
Samsung, Google, and Apple usually set trends in the smartphone industry, but Motorola pulled an Uno reverse on all of them.

Apple iPhone 16 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S24 Plus: Which should you buy?
We compare Apple iPhone 16 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S24 Plus to help you decide. Both come with stellar cameras, top-tier performance, AI, and more.

Google could give its Phone app a fresh coat of Apple-inspired paint
Android might be getting simpler call controls with dedicated accept and reject buttons.

Your smartphone is more of a collaborative effort than you think
Your phone uses technology from plenty of sources. Getting it all to play well together is only half the battle; doing it legally is equally important.

Google Messages on Wear OS could give watches total RCS texting support
A Google Messages beta showed Google is working to bring total RCS support to Wear OS devices.

Meta's new AI features are only a privacy nightmare if you let them be
Meta has introduced new AI features with the potential to collect, and potentially abuse, even more of your data if you say they are allowed to.

Meta's new open facial interface for the Quest 3 will succeed the Quest Pro
Meta is discontinuing the Quest Pro soon, and an open facial interface will bring a similar open-air experience to the Quest 3.

Netflix and Disney Plus are on a password-sharing crackdown, and families are feeling the pinch
Disney Plus' password-sharing policies are being enforced as of now; here's what you need to know.

OPPO Find X8 teased with MagSafe-like magnetic charging
OPPO is expected to launch the Find X8 series phone this month, which will likely feature the upcoming Dimensity 9400 SoC.

Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra hands-on: AI on the big screen
Processor changes aside, we knew Samsung was going to put a massive focus on Galaxy AI with the Galaxy Tab S10 Plus and S10 Ultra. What we didn't know, was that there really wouldn't be much else to talk about.

Meta Connect had one big Quest-related no-show, but there's a reason for it
Earlier this spring, Meta announced partnerships with Microsoft, Lenovo, and ASUS ROG to make limited-edition or third-party VR headsets running Quest software. Since then, it's been crickets from all parties. So we asked Meta's VP of MR/VR why.

Meta's brain-reading EMG band and leaked smartwatch would be a perfect match
Back in 2022, Meta cancelled its smartwatch because the design "caused issues with another feature for translating nerve signals from the wrist into digital commands." Now that Meta has shown off its functional EMG neural interface, we wonder if a smartwatch …

Tablet sales are on the rise, and there's never been a better time to buy one
Tablets are picking up steam while everything else flatlines, and while that's surprising, there are a few good reasons why it might be happening.

Apple Celebrating 'Mindful Month' With October 10 Apple Watch Activity Challenge
Apple will hold a new "Mindful Month" Apple Watch Activity Challenge that is set to take place on October 10. It is meant to bring awareness to caring for mental health.





Let's bring awareness to all the ways we can take care of our mental health. On Octo…

USB-C Apple Pencil Now Available Refurbished in Three More Countries
Apple today added the lower-cost Apple Pencil with a USB-C port to its online refurbished store for the first time in three more countries: Australia, Japan, and Singapore. Availability first began in the U.S., Canada, and some European countries in July.



…

Apple Seeds Third Beta of watchOS 11.1 to Developers
Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming watchOS 11.1 update to developers for testing purposes. The third beta comes a week after Apple released the second watchOS 11.1 beta.





To install the ‌‌watchOS 11‌.1 update, developers need to open the App…

New Film 'Wolfs' Starring Brad Pitt and George Clooney on Apple TV+
Apple action-comedy film "Wolfs," featuring Hollywood stars Brad Pitt and George Clooney, premiered today exclusively on Apple TV+. The movie was originally slated for a wide theatrical release, but premiered on the streaming service today following a limited…

Apple Seeds Third visionOS 2.1 Update to Developers
Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming visionOS 2.1 update to developers for testing purposes, with the new software coming a week after Apple seeded the second visionOS 2.1 beta.





Registered developers are able to opt into the betas by opening …

Apple Seeds Third tvOS 18.1 Beta to Developers
Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 18.1 beta to developers for testing purposes, with the new software coming a week after Apple seeded the second tvOS 18.1 beta.





Registered developers are able to download the tvOS 18.1 update by optin…

Apple Podcasts App Rolling Out Transcriptions in These 8 Additional Languages Starting Today
Apple has announced that transcriptions in the Apple Podcasts app will be available in eight additional languages starting today, according to Dutch website iCulture.nl. The transcripts were previously only available for podcasts spoken in English, French, Ge…

Rare Apple Macintosh Prototype From 1983 Could Break Auction Records
A rare Apple Macintosh prototype from 1983, featuring the "Twiggy disk" drive, is expected to sell for over $100,000 at auction (via New Atlas).





The piece of Apple history is set to go under the hammer at Bonhams in New York. The Macintosh prototype, mod…

iOS 18.0.1 Coming Soon: What to Expect for Your iPhone
Following the release of iOS 18 for the iPhone last month, Apple is preparing to release iOS 18.0.1 with bug fixes in the near future.





We previously reported that Apple has been internally testing iOS 18.0.1, and today a private account on X with a prove…

What to Expect From an Apple Event in October: iPad Mini 7, Redesigned Mac Mini, and More
Apple will likely hold another event in October this year to announce new Macs and iPads. If so, it would be the fourth time in the last five years that Apple has held an event in October. Last year, Apple held a virtual event on Monday, October 30 to announc…

Best Buy Product Listing Hints at iPad Mini Going on Clearance 'Soon'
Best Buy might offer an unspecified iPad mini model on clearance "soon," according to a product listing that was spotted on the retailer's website.





The placeholder listing is for an Apple product with a "MINI WIFI" model name, and it is in the "tablets" …

MacBook Pro, iMac, and Redesigned Mac Mini With M4 Chips on Track to Launch 'This Year'
Apple plans to release new MacBook Pro, iMac, and Mac mini models with the M4 series of chips "this year," according to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman.





Gurman initially said these Macs would likely be announced during a virtual event this October, but he has be…

Top Stories: iPhone 16 Features, iOS 18.1 Improvements, and More
Apple's latest devices have been in users' hands for about a week now, so the latest features and upgrades are getting thoroughly tested as users figure out how best to take advantage of the improvements.





We're also still looking forward to additional en…

Aqara Debuts U300 Lever Smart Lock
Aqara today announced the launch of the Aqara Smart Lock U300, which is a smart lock that's designed for doors that have a lever or knob but no deadbolt.





Many homes have non-deadbolt doors for side entries, garage doors, home offices, basements, and stor…

The MacRumors Show: iPhone 16 Pro First Impressions
After some hands-on time with the iPhone 16 Pro, Apple Watch Series 10, and AirPods 4, on this week's episode of The MacRumors Show, we talk through our first impressions of the new devices.




Subscribe to The MacRumors Show YouTube channel for more videos…

Video: iPhone 16 Cases and Chargers Worth Checking Out
If you just got a new iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Pro, you might be looking for accessories like cases or chargers. MacRumors videographer Dan highlighted some of his favorite iPhone cases, screen protectors, and chargers this week, so check out the video below fo…

Here's What You Need for iPhone 16 Fast Charging via MagSafe or USB-C
Now that Apple doesn't include power adapters with new iPhones, you have to supply your own, and it can be a little confusing figuring out what you need specifically to get the fastest charging speeds. Apple added another layer of complexity this year with up…

iPhones Showing 'SOS' Due to Major Verizon Outage Across the U.S.
Verizon is currently experiencing a major outage that is affecting many customers across the U.S., including iPhone users. Affected users may be unable to send or receive phone calls, send or receive text messages, or use cellular data.





As a result of th…

Microsoft Discontinuing Mixed Reality HoloLens 2 Headset
Microsoft is planning to discontinue its mixed reality HoloLens 2 headsets, according to a report from UploadVR. Production on the HoloLens 2 is ending, and sales will cease when stock runs out.





Security updates will be provided until December 31, 2027, …

AirPods 4 With ANC vs. AirPods Pro 2
Apple last week released the AirPods 4, and one version of the new earbuds has Active Noise Cancellation included. ANC means the ‌AirPods 4‌ have a feature set that rivals the AirPods Pro 2, so we thought we'd compare the two for those undecided on which to g…

Amazon Discounts Collection of M4 iPad Pro Models at Up to $200 Off
Today we're tracking big discounts across the entire M4 iPad Pro lineup on Amazon, with up to $200 in savings available during this sale. We're focusing on the Wi-Fi models of the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro in this article, but you can also find numerous ce…

The Best Apple Watch Series 9 Cases in 2024
Need protection for your Apple Watch Series 9? Here are the best Apple Watch cases to choose from for both the 41mm and 45mm versions.

iPhone 16 Pro Cameras vs. Pixel 9 Pro XL: Top Flagships Tested
We put Apple and Google's best camera phones to the test in Edinburgh.

ChatGPT Glossary: 47 AI Terms That Everyone Should Know
With Google, Microsoft, Apple, Anthropic, Perplexity and OpenAI creating new AI models and systems, it's good to stay up to date on all the latest terminology.

Apple Fitness Plus Is the Most Versatile Fitness Subscription Service I’ve Tried
I’ve tried many fitness apps and subscriptions, and this one covers classes, narrated walks and more.

Can Your iPhone Run the Newest Apple Mobile OS? See All the iOS 18 Compatible Devices
Your older iPhone may still get iOS 18, so be sure you're ready for it if it does.

What to Expect From Apple's Rumored October Mac and iPad Event
If the reports are true, you should hold off on buying non-pro iPads, Mac Minis or MacBook Pros right now.

How to Watch Brad Pitt and George Clooney's 'Wolfs' From Anywhere
Pitt and Clooney reunite on-screen in this shoot-em-up action comedy.

iOS 18: How to Customize Your iPhone's Home Screen Widgets
Adding and resizing home screen widgets isn't complicated anymore.

How to Use ChatGPT to Find the Best Online Shopping Deals and Coupons
You could find some sweet prices and get ahead of your holiday shopping by using ChatGPT Plus.

Don't Wait Until Prime Day: Best Buy's Members-Only Sale Is Offering Major Deals
If you're a Best Buy Plus or Total member, you could score enormous savings on top tech this weekend.

I'm Not Ditching Hulu or Netflix in October, but These Services Can Be Put On Pause
Prime Video is loaded too, with Legend of Vox Machina and Like a Dragon: Yakuza.

Play Dead Space and More Free Games This Spooky Season With PlayStation Plus
All PS Plus subscribers can access these games until Nov. 4.

This One Trick Will Get You Prime Day Deals for Free
Fully take advantage of Amazon's October Prime Day deals without any strings attached.

Oura Ring 4 First Take: More Titanium, Better Accuracy and Longer Battery Life
Oura's new ring comes as competition in the smart ring space is heating up.

Hands-on with Mate XT Ultimate Design: Huawei's Tri-Folding Phone Is Sexy Yet Sturdy
Phones with two screens are so last season. I got to test out Huawei's new phone that folds three ways, and it's as impressive as it sounds.

5 Things I Love About My Experience With T-Mobile Home Internet — and a Few Bummers
I’ve had T-Mobile’s 5G home internet service for two years. It’s superior to DSL but has some quirks I've discovered along the way.

Kuo: 2025 Apple Vision Pro to Get M5 Chip and Apple Intelligence
Apple is developing a new version of its Vision Pro headset that is set to enter mass production in the second half of 2025, according to Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.





Kuo claims the most significant change in the new model will be the inclusion of Apple's…

Apple's Back to School Promotion Ending Soon: Here's What You Can Get
In June, Apple launched its annual Back to School promotion for college students in the U.S. and select other countries. Students can get a free Apple gift card with the purchase of an eligible Mac or iPad from Apple, along with 20% off AppleCare+ plans.




…

Apple Maps Cycling Directions Expand to New Zealand
Apple Maps has expanded the availability of cycling routes in the southern hemisphere by adding support for New Zealand.





Apple first added cycling directions to ‌‌Apple Maps‌‌ in iOS 14, providing specific directions for bike riders with bike lanes, bike…

Apple Releases Third tvOS 18.1 and HomePod Software 18.1 Public Betas
Apple today released new public betas of tvOS 18.1 and HomePod Software 18.1, allowing non-developers to test the software ahead of when it is released later in October. The third betas come a week after the second betas.





Public beta testers who have sig…
